https://www.cambridgeenglish.org/exams-and-tests/cefr/



Part 1
You will hear 8 questions. Listen to each question, then answer. For questions 1–4, you have 10 seconds to answer.
For questions 5–8, you have 20 seconds to answer.
1. What your name?
My name is ◯◯ △△△.

2. How do you spell your family name?
It is △-◇-◯-◇-◯.

3.Where are you from?
I'm from Japan.

4.Are you working or studing at the moment?

私はソフトウェアエンジニアなので、常日頃変化し続けるテクノロジーの
スキルアップは欠かさないようにしています。今は、DeepLearningと機械学習の
スキルを身につけるためにCourseraのオンラインラーニングを利用して勉強を続けています。
I'm a software engineer, so I'm always trying to improve my skills in constantly 
changing technology. I am currently continuing my studies using Coursera online 
learning to develop my DeepLearning and machine learning skills.

5.How interested are you in learning about other countries?

私はアメリカ合衆国、南米、ヨーロッパ、東アジア、中近東、アフリカの政治、紛争問題に関してのディスカッション,
歴史や文化、言語にとても興味があるため9年前から大学のオンラインラーニングで勉強しています。
I am very interested in the politics, Discussion on conflict issues, history, culture, and 
languages of the United States, South America, Europe, East Asia, 
the Middle East, and Africa so I have been studying online at university for nine years.


6. How do you enjoy spending your free time?
自由な時間をどのように楽しんでいますか？

私は映画音楽やドラマ音楽を聴きながらオンライン大学の講義に集中して勉強しています。
I concentrate on studying online university lectures while listening to movie music and drama music.


7. What is the best way for you to improve your English? 
あなたが英語を上達させるための最良の方法は何ですか?

It is important to review English vocabulary, English idioms, 
and English composition every day, listen to BBC News, and never 
neglect to gather information in English on current world affairs 
and areas related to my work, as well as to do my preparatory work.
毎日の英単語や英熟語、英作文の復習、BBCニュースを聴き、
世界の時事問題や自分の仕事に関わりのある分野の英語での
情報収集を怠らないことと予習を欠かさないことです。


8. If you good learner new skill what is 

1. Set learning goals
2. Categorize my skill sets
3. Identify potential barriers
4. Focus on one skill at a time
5. Prioritize personal development
6. Set longer-term goals
7. Find opportunities to practice
8. Use mistakes as learning tools
As I practice my skills, I may make mistakes, but learning what not to do next can get me much closer to my goals.


8.If you could learn a new skill, what would it be?
もし新しいスキルを身につけるとしたら、それは何ですか？
University degree in international politics, international law, law, etc.
国際政治学、国際法、法学などの大学卒業資格


Your feedback
This is your feedback for part 1.

-Score-

90% Confidence
The more parts you answer, the more confident Sandi can be about your English level. Click the button below to try the next part.

